Welcome 
Welcome
WELCOME



YNX(1)                                                                LYNX(1)




NAME

       lynx  - a general purpose distributed information browser for the World
       Wide Web


SYNOPSIS

       lynx [options] [path or URL]

       use "lynx -help" to display a complete list of current options.


DESCRIPTION

       Lynx is a fully-featured World Wide Web (WWW) client for users  running
       cursor-addressable,   character-cell   display   devices  (e.g.,  vt100
       terminals, vt100 emulators running on Windows 95/NT or Macintoshes,  or
       any other "curses-oriented" display).  It will display hypertext markup
       language (HTML) documents containing links to  files  residing  on  the
       local  system,  as  well  as  files  residing on remote systems running
       Gopher, HTTP, FTP, WAIS, and NNTP servers.  Current  versions  of  Lynx
       run on Unix, VMS, Windows 95/NT, 386DOS and OS/2 EMX.

       Lynx  can  be  used  to access information on the World Wide Web, or to
       build information systems intended primarily  for  local  access.   For
       example,  Lynx  has  been used to build several Campus Wide Information
       Systems (CWIS).  In  addition,  Lynx  can  be  used  to  build  systems
       isolated within a single LAN.


OPTIONS

       At  start  up, Lynx will load any local file or remote URL specified at
       the command line.  For help with URLs, press "?"  or "H" while  running
       Lynx.  Then follow the link titled, "Help on URLs."

       Lynx  uses  only  long option names. Option names can begin with double
       dash as well, underscores and dashes can be intermixed in option  names
       (in  the reference below options are with one dash before them and with
       underscores).


       -      If the argument is only ’-’, then Lynx expects  to  receive  the
              arguments from stdin.  This is to allow for the potentially very
              long command line that can be associated with the  -get_data  or
              -post_data  arguments (see below).  It can also be used to avoid
              having sensitive information in the invoking command line (which
              would be visible to other processes on most systems), especially
              when the -auth or -pauth options are used.

       -accept_all_cookies
              accept all cookies.

       -anonymous
              apply   restrictions   for   anonymous   account,    see    also
              -restrictions.

       -assume_charset=MIMEname
              charset for documents that don’t specify it.

       -assume_local_charset=MIMEname
              charset assumed for local files.

       -assume_unrec_charset=MIMEname
              use this instead of unrecognized charsets.

       -auth=ID:PASSWD
              set  authorization  ID  and  password for protected documents at
              startup.  Be sure to protect any script  files  which  use  this
              switch.

       -base  prepend  a request URL comment and BASE tag to text/html outputs
              for -source dumps.

       -bibp=URL
              specify a local bibp server (default http://bibhost/).

       -blink forces high intensity  background  colors  for  color  mode,  if
              available  and  supported  by the terminal.  This applies to the
              slang library (for a few terminal emulators),  or  to  OS/2  EMX
              with ncurses.

       -book  use  the bookmark page as the startfile.  The default or command
              line startfile is still set for the  Main  screen  command,  and
              will be used if the bookmark page is unavailable or blank.
